Myself Priya, currently pursuing my b.tech in IIT Guwahati and I am presently completing my fourth semester.First of all, I have undergone a four weeks Internshala online training program on 'Web Development'. The training program consisted of HTML, CSS, PHP and MySQL modules and lasted for four weeks from 2nd December, 2013 to 2nd January, 2014. In the final assessment at the completion of the training program, I scored 82.5% marks. In the last week of the program, I also worked on a project in which I had to sell flowers online through customers registration. This made use of PHP and MYSQL extensively along with HTML and CSS. And I am learning java, javascript, jquery and ajax now a days. I recently have attended a workshop on Game Development,Google App Engine and Android Development organized in our campus and will take part in hackathon which will be held on 15th of March this year in our campus IIT Guwahati.  Well, I have also undergone a four weeks Internshala online training program on 'Hacking'. This training program consisted of Web Basics, XSS and File Upload modules and lasted for four weeks from 16th December, 2013 to 16th January, 2014. In the final assessment at the completion of the training program, I scored 90% marks. My branch is Mathematics and Computing and I want to make my career further in web development or software development. In our course lab(Data Structures with object oriented programming), we are taught about software development and we have to implement it using C++. Finally, I want to do this internship just for learning and I am sure if I will be selected, I am just gonna enjoy it. 



Myself Priya, currently pursuing my b.tech in IIT Guwahati and I am presently completing my fourth semester.First of all, I have a theory course "DATA STRUCTURE AND ALGORITHMS" and a lab course "DATA STRUCTURE WITH OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING" in which we use C++. I like these two courses very much  and I want to explore on these topics. I am learning Java and Javascript myself which is very interesting language to code in. So, I want to learn more in object oriented programming and therefore I want to work in your startup. It will be my first time to utilize my knowledge of object-oriented programming practically as I have never done any project on it and I am very excited about that. Well, I have also learnt coding in PYTHON language. I have done a course on this from coursera. And I also used to code in C language in my first and second semester. But since now we are taught C++, I don't use structured programming often. Well, My interests are software design, android app development, game development and web design and I want to make my future career in these fields only. Well, I want to learn as many things as possible about object oriented programming and I want to use to make some cool apps using object oriented programming , therefore I want to join your startup. 